Continue updating with bellow one afyer the other and test and make sure everything working fine before you stop:


Fix the video engine



Then after that, upgrade the video generator to a high-quality animation video generator. You understand? You are a high engineer video engine creator. So upgrade it to modern video animations for creating illustration content. So you have to upgrade that video generation to that high quality so that it can be applied to big launch or product creation or anybody that wants to use video to create a product. So make it animation, make human animation, material animation, so many types of animation inside the video. Make it modern animated video creation for product creation. That is the video generator. Make it high quality, HD high quality for the video generation. Create the engine, make it more powerful, upgrade it to the high-quality primo

10 hours ago
Now create an affiliate marketing program for the users, so users can be able to recruit their affiliates. They can be able to recruit their affiliates on their own and manage their affiliates on their own dashboard. You know how to create that, make it powerful. They can be able to contact their affiliates, teach them how to promote their products. So for the split from the payment she made through me and the affiliate. And now you have to structure after you created this, you have to structure the wallet about this system altogether. That is the whole website, how the wallet works. So look into every feature in the website and you know how the wallet is going to work out. So we'll be using Padro, LemonSwiss, and the crypto wallet. So you know how to fix them. So in the three of them, we are going to use either the three or one or two. So I'm going to select them. I can be able to se-












After the user purchased the AI-generated content, I mean the automation tools, AI agents, the templates, and all the templates, and make sure after the user purchases the product, you should add a description on the download page how to install the templates, the imports. You understand? You tell them this is the guide on how to import the templates and the prompts they need to use. Give them the prompt and the templates. They should not only download only the template. They should have the prompt and the guideline. You understand? Put them separately, professionally, so they will understand how it is. And on the landing page, make sure you describe the product on the landing page. I mean, on the marketplace. Yes, make sure you describe it well, and it should have keywords that people can be able to search to locate where it is, and also direct the users on how to market those templates. Okay. On the generated template, it will include there, this is how to market this tool so that they can.







Now, on the trending idea feature on the dashboard, make sure you increase the number of products up to 5,000 ideas, and makesure you change it every moment, and it is unique to every user's dashboard. It shouldn't be the same wording, the same thing. So it should be different language, but it will be in the same product or something. But make the trending to be up to 5,000 trending products. Dig deep in the internet and check what people are buying right now, especially in health, and fitness, and professional courses, family, relationship. I'm not saying that you should only get on this. And also prompts. Make sure you put AI prompt in the trending category too, so that people will also create products like that, that people are looking for. And give them the option to click and out of here, either to create product or to quick launch because for the upgraded members. You understand what I'm trying to say?







Now, upgrade their email marketing tool to the high-quality email marketing programmed tool designed by a high-quality email marketing engineer. So the email marketing should include to all premium members, and they can be able to edit their emails on their own. But it should have limits to what they can send. You know how to plan that. But in their creation tool, once they publish their product, which it will include 30 days email sequences. So those 30 days email sequences will immediately be queued into 30 days scheduled every day, leading to their sales page. And remember to include funnels on the quick launch. You understand? Include pre-sale. There is a lead magnet page for them. So they will have the option either to use it or not. You understand? And you can also put it on the create product feature. Add lead magnet page, very powerful lead magnet page there. You can also put email sequence on people who came from the lead magnet. Thirty-day sequence generated from the create product feature. Please do not scatter anything. Make sure you arrange everything well. You are a professional. Look what is good and do what is right. Do not create anyhow things, but make sure that you arrange everything in order. And after creation, look around, test everything, and make sure that everything is working fine before you leave from the particular product or feature. Okay? So I want you to create everything intelligently. Create every









Now, I want you to add a feature in the create product. So after the user generated the PDF product and other products, the user can be able to view the product online. They must not download the product before they view the content the AI generated for them on the PDF. They can click and the PDF will pop up and view, and they can be able to read. Then if it is not okay, then they can be able to regenerate and also direct the AI, the mistakes, and what to improve on the product. And then also after this, go to the template creator, okay? And when the template creator is generating the template, show a view, a step-by-step animated view, step-by-step how the software is generating the template. That is this stage, this stage, this stage, but don't scatter what you do, okay? Make everything look great and powerful and mobile optimized, okay? Do not scatter anything you've done.








Now, there's something again I want you to do because I would want fast traffic to this system after creation. So you are a very intelligent engineer, and you know what traffic is all about. So I want you to dig deep. Dig in, dig deep, and discover tools, like free tools you can create on this website that attach pages on this website that people can search, and they can be able to locate this website. You know what I'm talking about. So the tool should be about five top searched free tools people are searching every day related to online marketing and what my system is all about. So create this high searched million search view traffic of a tool people need every day. Create them and give it a page on my website. So each of them will have their own separate page. Then you create one page for free tools. Maybe you call it internet marketing free tools or marketing free tools or just useful free tools. So but each of them will have the keywords people are searching online, and it should be a million searching tool people use every day. So create pages about these tools, about five, six, or seven tools, and make sure they are working greatly. Don't make it generic. Make it unique and human-written SEO things. And make sure it's optimized very well and it's useful. When someone puts something, it can generate what they are looking for. So after you have done that, go to the admin page and put it somewhere. You will call it free tools and add the page there so that when I log in, I will see everything right there. And make sure it looks fine. Do not break anything, okay? Do not break anything. Sure












And also include a category in the marketplace where we can also list a full stack working web app created. So it will have a category there. So if I want to sell any of my projects, maybe a full web app, business project, or anything of that sort. So you know how to put the category there. So I can, from there, list a full created project that is working fine already. So people may want to buy ready products that is full created product web application, and also include mobile application too, mobile application generator. So I think this one can also be another great generator. Again, like mobile application generator template. You know what you have created before in your database. So pull something out and so that give ideas on the mobile application templates and all that, and they pull it up, and they make it again mobile application in the system. And they attach it to the generator or to the generator category. Okay, do not make any mistake, please. I don't want you to break anything or to scatter anything. And make sure after creation, go through everything you have done and make sure that everything is accurate and working. Test every one of them, make sure they are working very perfectly and fine, okay? And also go to the automation tools. Go there and upgrade that tool. Okay? Upgrade it like you did on the template generators. Upgrade the tool very well and make it to generate the same standard. Okay?











Also, I want you to add coaching. I want you to add a coaching system. Add a coaching system as one of the features in the app. So this coaching system should be a very powerful coaching system. You are a high-end core engineer. You know what a coaching system is all about. Design it in a high-quality multi-million coaching system that any upgraded member can access the coaching system and use it to drive sales inside the system. Okay? So this coaching system should involve the voice-over and the video. So you have to attach them into the coaching system, make it a very powerful system that will be inside this app. You understand? Create it to be in a high-quality coaching system, okay, in the app, and make sure that everything is working fine. And also in the quick launch feature, add something there if the user needs to add video or audio options in the generated content before they start generating, add the option if they want videos or audios, and make sure that the videos you created are attached to this product, for those who may want videos, like the video we created in the system. And also make sure that this doesn't break the system. You have to create it in a way that it must generate first and wait before the other creator generates. Do not break the system, please. Make sure that everything works simultaneously without breaking any of these. Look inside the system and program everything very powerfully and make sure it works very greatly without any breaking. Okay?










Okay. I found out that voice cloning is not working in the voice over engine. Look into it, check what is wrong with voice cloning, and dig deep to find a very powerful engine way to work on the voice cloning and make sure it clones well. And after voice cloning, put voice enhancer to enhance, remove noise, and make the voice very powerful and like a studio voice. Enhance it very well. Put the engine there to enhance the voice after uploading it there. Okay?











Now look all around the app structure for payments and make sure that every landing page have their Buy Now button that lead to cash out pages. And make sure that it doesn't break and every user logged in when all these things is happening. You understand? And make sure that everything is connected, and every percentage goes to the admin wallet, and the other ones goes as normal, as accurate. Okay, check the system. You are well intelligent, and very intelligent more than me. Okay, look into the system, connect everything very clean, and make sure that everything works perfectly. And another thing on the quick launch page, if you can look at it, you will see that the page looks like a separate page on the website. Connect it to the website. Make it connect to the website as mobile-friendly. Don't make it have its own menu. You understand? Connect it to the website, to the normal tool on the website, okay, so that it will run











After, I would want you to create about 20 or 30 templates and post it on the marketplace in exactly the way I instructed you. And please do not list it as an admin username. You understand? Username, maybe Daniel or something. I can be able to change the name from the admin. Okay? Do not use admin as a name on the marketplace. So create about 30 or 40 generated templates with powerful images and powerful description with their page working and the payment. And also create automation tools, and post them automatically on the marketplace. All right? So that I will see the example of what you did and make sure that everything is working fine. All right?










After, create a very powerful, highly engaging promotional video about this system. The video can be showing the features of the system and how people are going to make a lot of wealth from it. Make it high quality and very attractive. And if possible, add the video on the landing page, in front of the landing page. Make it look great there. And also make it available for me to download it. Make it high quality and great. All right? You may make it in 16:9 or 9:16. Make it available the way it should be. You know the best
