Continue Carefully, professionally updating with these and make sure is working fine:

first give me admin logins

1. In the Trending ideas in the admin, give upto 200+ populated high profitable easy to create and buy faster digital products, use with current painpoint everyday people are passing through and ready to pay for it, especially self home remedies for any form of health issues,fitness, adding hip, addimgusels..cte but make sure people are ready to pay for it , give option to select hard,medium and easy.

2. remove the creat pdf feature and upgrade the create product section so that when the user click on create this product on trending page it will add all the information with high detailed descriptioto create high qaulity pdf product, use bold text, emojs, illustrative images, good standard menu format, the cover page should bold in the pdf, the author image should bold too.

3. all the generated landing pages for each users product should not look the same or sound the same, improve the sales letter more to improve sales.

4, add api space to add apis for high qaility images for the thumbnail, pdf and landing pages.. is there free image api such as hunggy field and etc and connet them well to work fine in the system.

5. in the script creation, make sure the populate text doest includ php or html codes in them, make sure it generated accurate text word amount count selected.

6. make sure the generated pdf flooded with well detailed information and according to the how many pages selected, work on this section well because this is the heart of this product including the landing page.

7. When buyer clicks buy now or instant access button direct them to a page (create this page and connect all the payment platform in the system) the buyer will see more option to add to cat, these will users 2 related products anther one should be the site subscription that ask the buyer would you like to also create and sell digital product online make money, if selected give option to add email and password for premium account abd alonside checkout buttom, make these to look professional please.

8. update the sites front page content to match great features in the system for fast registration, the site is money engine, common pdf can make you $20000 dollars a month, Jane did it you can do it too... please use your expertize well to make this look great

9. make the site more mobile friendly without breaking anything.

10. add option for user to upload created product, add price, discrept, generate page with description and sell on the site with the revenue sharing applied.

11. give option for the creator to add his or her picture when generating landing page

12. Give option for the author/user upload their image and profile description after creating account optionally.

13. the user should verify their email to have full access with the link sent to their email address, add this to admin for activate or diactivate option.

make sure you finished all these task in high value creation and make sure theres no bugs in the system before you stop.